so you're having problems making it to
night or Turia's or maybe you're just
having problems surviving him and you
need to get back there quickly well I've
got your card as soon as you spawn at
the Alice I'll garden you can just start
sprinting towards him without fighting
any enemies and you'll really only
engage too so just follow this path take
a right as soon as you get off the
bridge you're gonna run into two guys
you can block their attacks real quick
if you want to avoid damage sometimes
you might get hit and then you can
simply just sprint kind of towards the
right if you've never done this before
you might want to just stick on to the
right-hand wall until you come to an end
and then you can follow it on the right
and you'll run into this building over
here and this is a shortcut down there
you take this elevator and it will take
you to the merchant and what I do every
time I die I have to wait for that again
so I send the elevator back up for the
next attempt so you run past the
merchant and here you are this is where
Knight Artorias artorias I don't even
know how to say his name but here he is
the fog would be just ahead of me but
I'm going to show you where the dragon
is - since we're already run around here
you run down here this is a shortcut
usually well something my shortcut this
is just the way you got it go usually
someone will have like a sign or
something you know letting you know go
this way now you can't really sprint
past this area because there's dogs and
the dogs they will definitely outrun you
and catch up to you so I would say just
go ahead and kill them if you're gonna
be running down here there's only three
of them anyways and if you hear if
you're strong melee guy you probably
kill them one hit if you like me you're
kind of puny and you're focused on faith
and I just don't want to waste any
spells attacking these guys so I'm just
gonna attack them now this one I I tried
out run just to show you what it's like
to try to run past them here's the
Fogg once you've actually gotten the
dragon down there see he's catching up
to me
and he almost hit me right there I
probably could have made it down but I
just went ahead and turn around to fight
him anyways but that's it
good luck with the knight artorias and
the dragon thanks for watching